ABBY: This is national,
there's no more second chances.
This is it.
We need to learn a new group for team.
We have to do it today, and there's props.
CHRISTI: Chloe Told me
that she wants to put dance.
ABBY: If she wants to quit,
I have a whole list of people
that want to take her spot.
KELLY: Maddie wins,
because she's with two choreographers
who work with her seven days a week.
I will do everything possible
for my daughter
to leave your studio next year.
The top junior group winner
is by the Abby-Lee Dance Company!
We're going to Hollywood!
(squealing)
ABBY: Here we are in Hollywood again.
The girls auditioning for the music video.
For all of my students,
this is the biggest opportunity
they have ever had in their career.
I would say hip hop is the most difficult
of choreography to get.
Listen to me.
ABBY: You cannot act like this and cry,
because you become difficult to work with.
GIRL: I'm the one that always really
practices have to dance studio,
because it's a big deal.
I'm done!
HOLLY: Excuse me. Don't talk to me
that way. That's the first thing.
-I'm just saying--I'm done.
-Melissa.
(theme music playing)
SINGER: ♪ Get up ♪
♪ Get on the floor ♪
♪ My world is with my girls ♪
♪ Living on the dance floor ♪
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Ready, girls? Let's go.
Come on in.
Well, you thought you were going home
after Lake Tahoe.
And here we are back in LA.
I have a big surprise. It's very exciting.
Before I get into that,
you notice there's no pyramid.
Yes?
(applause)
ABBY: Everybody's in a straight line
because here in LA...
it's not really about the talent.
It's about the look.
The girls have some hard lessons
to learn here in Hollywood.
It doesn't matter how well you dance,
how well you sing,
how well you act.
If you're not the look that they need,
and you're not the package
that they're searching for,
you're not gonna get the job.
I'm ready to talk a little bit
about this surprise.
This is LA.
The best people in the world come here.
They're all vying for the same job.
Everybody wants to be a star.
You are going to get
the opportunity to audition
for a major music video.
(screaming)
MELISSA: In LA, I think this is,
like, the big deal
that Maddie has a chance
to be in a music video.
She'll do great.
She really enjoys auditioning.
That's her thing.
I don't know who's going to get it.
I don't know if all of you
are going to get it
or just some of you.
It's not up to me.
I don't make the decisions.
So it's every man for himself.
Tomorrow, instead of a rehearsal,
we will be having a class.
I'm going to teach a hip hop combination,
since that audition
is going to be in hip hop.
ABBY: This week is a whole new
ball game for the girls.
It's not a competition.
It's not about your costume.
It's not an awards ceremony.
That's all gone.
This is a real-life,
professional experience.
This is Hollywood.
They can chew up and spit you out,
or they can make all
your dreams come true.
It just depends.
You have to be in the right place
at the right time,
and you have to be prepared for the worst.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Okay!
Come on, back it up,
I have no idea
how this is going to go down tomorrow.
It could be a hip hop combination
just to see how quickly you pick up
because I would say hip hop
is the most difficult
of choreography to get.
We tap.
We do acrobatics, gymnastics, hip hop,
you know, ethnic dance, creative movement.
Whatever you need, we do it.
But I would say
that hip hop was not their forte.
And going up against all these kids
here in Hollywood
to do hip hop five days a week--
we have our work cut out for us.
WOMAN: Aw, you're too funny.
-Only in a dream.
Well-deserved, well-deserved.
Having the opportunity for my daughters
to try out for a music video is amazing.
I'm going to kind of take it
with what it is.
We'll go full-out. We'll do it.
We'll see what happens.
This is all very foreign to me.
I would imagine it's a time commitment,
whether you get the gig,
initially--all the running around.
-Right. I think that's the thing, is--
-With the auditioning,
because you don't just get it off the bat.
There's a lot of back work,
and that takes a lot of time.
And I worry about that for myself,
because I don't have that amount of time
because I have a school.
I have two boys.
I have a household to run.
I mean, I'm a housewife,
and that's good that I could just leave.
I mean, Maddie went to New York
seven times,
and they would call on a Tuesday.
Oh, we have somebody that
wants to see Maddie tomorrow.
And I'm like, oh, my gosh. You know?
Tomorrow, to go to New York.
Yeah. We thought we can't.
I can't sit here and say that
if an opportunity came along
for Nia that I would say...
-Oh, can't do that.
-...I can't do it,
because Nia wants this.
I think we've proved our mettle,
that we're willing
to put ourselves out there
and do what our kids need.
HOLLY: Whatever they need.
So if things come about, I'm sure that
if there's any group of women
that would make it happen,
-I think it's us.
-Oh, yeah.
And we would help each other, too--
-I mean, in a minute.
-WOMAN: Absolutely.
If we were going to an audition,
we would take your girls.
Melissa is the master manipulator.
I always say that she's calculated.
But she's always saying,
oh, I would do anything for the children.
You know what?
She would do anything for your children.
WOMAN: Melissa knows how to play the game,
and she's playing the game.
MELISSA: We all think
our kids are special...
-Of course we do.
-MELISSA: ...but LA?
-Everybody thinks their kids are special.
-MELISSA: LA? These kids are a lot.
There are amazing kids here.
I'm not worried about Maddie
because she is the best all-round
dancer in the studio,
and Maddie loves auditions.
She's really excited,
and she'll do very well.
Hit it. Hit it. Hit it.
Strut, two, three, four, draw plie.
Wow.
Got it?
Abby is funny-looking when
she tries to do hip hop.
Cross, chainee turn, bevel, kiss.
Girls, you need to be stronger.
Emphasize each movement.
It needs to be bigger.
That girl standing
next to you at that audition
could have already done 20 videos.
They know who she is.
MADDIE: I'm kind of nervous
for that music video audition,
but I'm also kind of excited.
The bad part is, Abby told us
that it's going to be a hip hop audition.
And I'm not very good at hip hop.
ABBY: This is how an audition works.
You walk in, they throw
the choreography at you.
You either get it, or you don't.
You have to be able to pull it off.
There's really no way to prepare for this
except by being an amazing dancer
in all genres of dance.
All right, next two.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Come on, girls.
Look, the dance studio's right there.
See the letters, IDA? You can see it.
Come on. Hustle up.
MSA is casting this video,
so my girls have to go in front of MSA,
a major dance agency
who rep some of the most prominent
dancers in our country.
SPEAKER: Squeeze on in, ladies.
CHRISTI: When we arrive
at the MSA audition,
it's like a cattle call.
There's tons of dancers,
little kids, teenagers.
There's parents everywhere.
You can kind of feel
that electric energy in the air.
Everybody wants this.
Everybody who's here is here
for the same reason we are.
As you all know, MSA represents
the top dancers and choreographers
in the business.
What we're doing here today is,
we're looking for our next
generation of stars.
So with that, please have fun,
and I look forward
to seeing you in the room.
(applause)
BEN: All right. So in an audition setting,
paying attention is key. All right?
We want to take our time
so you guys can get the combo well.
So your timing is one,
two, three, and four.
Five, six, seven, and eight.
(indistinct)
CHLOE: We're having to learn
the combination really fast,
and it's actually pretty long.
And then we have to go
and audition for the agents.
So that's a little nerve-wracking.
From the top--
five, six, seven, and eight.
Go switch, drop, pull, switch, switch.
ABBY: Usually, the way an audition works
is, the girls learn the choreography
in big, huge groups.
You could take 100 kids in at a time.
Then they start to cut,
and they break it down into smaller groups
to actually go in and audition.
(indistinct chatter)
BEN: Music. Let's give it a go.
-You all right back here?
-No.
-What's wrong?
-I don't know it.
BEN: You don't know it? That's okay.
Do as much as you can. Okay?
I want you try for as much as you can.
Don't worry about it.
Here we go.
ABBY: It's not fun for everyone.
When you go into an audition,
they're going to look you up
and down and say, yes.
Yes. No. Thank you.
You can leave. Yes, yes, maybe.
And whisper about you
right in front of you.
Girls, this is a chance of a lifetime.
Yes. There aren't any second chances.
The very first impression
is the most important.
Do you understand me? Yes?
All right, let's give it to them.
Have fun, and keep dancing.
(upbeat music playing)
BROOKE: At the end of the audition number,
we had, I think,
16 counts to improv,
which was very good
because Abby had prepped us.
I pulled out all my tricks,
and I feel like I kind of saved myself.
(upbeat music playing)
(applause)
-Yay, good job guys!
-WOMAN: That was good.
CHRISTI: So when the auditions are over,
Julie McDonald,
the owner of MSA,
wants to see our girls individually--
as a group, but she wants just them
to come back in
and talk with them,
which is amazing in its own right.
GIRLS: Hi.
Hi, everybody. I'm Julie McDonald,
and I'm the co-owner of MSA--
McDonald Selznick Associates.
So we've seen a lot of dancers
come through our agency.
One thing that you're learning about
is that rejection
is a huge part of the business.
And you just have to keep going, right?
One thing that you're learning about
is that rejection
is a huge part of the business.
ABBY: Here we are
in Los Angeles, California,
seeing the best agents in the world.
For all of my students,
this is the biggest opportunity
they have ever had in their career.
There's a number of things
that we look for
when we have an audition.
It's not always about dance technique
and all of those sorts of things.
There's a commercial aspect
that we look for--
dance-ability and your presence
and how you adapt.
As we always say, as you walk in
from the very first moment
into the audition, we do take notice.
But we do have amazing news
for all of you ladies,
and that is that there's a new
and upcoming pop star
that has a music video coming up.
And they're looking
for a girl dance group,
and we all think that you ladies
would be perfect for that.
(screaming)
Thank you so much!
(laughter)
Wait, wait, wait! Give them 10%.
Back up.
You know, here we are in Hollywood.
There's ups and downs,
and MSA told the kids
that they would be starring
in a music video--
all of them.
They went ballistic.
They were screaming and yelling.
I was screaming and yelling.
It was like we won the lottery.
It was amazing.
We didn't make it.
(screaming)
We're gonna make a video!
(indistinct chatter)
BROOKE: I normally don't get
very excited about things,
but being in a music video
is pretty exciting.
We're on a music video with a pop star!
(screaming)
MELISSA: I think it's really great
that they're going to be
in a music video and dancing.
When other people see
my daughter dance in a music video,
they're going to see
how good she really is.
And she can really act,
so I think this is going to bring
a lot of opportunities for the kids.
But let's get our clothes on.
I think you should keep your numbers
in your scrapbooks
for the rest of your life,
so you have them.
All right, come on.
Let's get our bags. Let's go.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: They have to learn
the choreography for this video fast.
I mean, like, right now, on the spot.
All that practicing and learning
those numbers overnight
is going to pay off.
(upbeat music playing)
Hi, girls.
Hi.
SEVEN: How are you doing today?
Good
My name is Seven Williams,
and I am a record producer.
And the reason I am here today
is because we're going to be
making a music video
for one of our new artists
by the name of LUX.
With every great video,
you need a great team,
and my man Ray over here
is going to tell you
a little bit about himself.
(applause)
Hi, guys.
I've heard so many great things
about you guys.
I don't know. Do any of you guys watch
"Shake it Up" or "Victorious"?
Okay, cool.
So I'm on both of those shows.
And you guys are going to have long days,
and it's going to be something
like you've never done before.
You're going to have to do
an on-screen test
for makeup and for hair.
And then on the day of the shoot,
I'm going to get to select just one of you
who's going to get to be the star
of this video.
So...
you girls up for it?
-GIRLS: Yes.
-RAY: Awesome.
CHRISTI: The bar is set.
The stakes are raised
because one child gets to be the lead.
So of course there is that
internal competition between us
because who doesn't want
their kid to be the star?
Ray, whip them into shape.
-All righty.
-We'll see you in a little bit.
-Good luck. Will do.
-GIRLS: Thank you.
CHLOE: I want to be the lead
in this video so bad.
I would like to make it big in Hollywood
and be the featured one in a music video--
my first music video.
MADDIE: I hope I get chosen
because I just like
being the lead of stuff.
Five, six, seven, eight.
We have one, two, three,
four, five, six, seven, eight.
Roll.
-And up. Perfect.
-Good.
You have to look at the boy on four
and make eye contact with him.
Chloe has it.
All right, Mackenzie.
Ready to try this?
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four,
go five, six, seven, knees.
One, two, three, four, bend, five, six.
Oh, it's okay. No tears.
You okay, Mackenzie?
You're good. You want to get a drink?
Quick drink? All right.
Let's get a quick drink real quick.
Go take a two-minute water break, yeah?
MELISSA: Honey, I promise you.
You did so good.
Please don't make me go.
MELISSA: She doesn't want to do it.
She doesn't want to dance.
She had a little meltdown.
Is she okay?
MELISSA: She can't keep up with them.
You know, she's trying.
The moves were too fast for me.
I was just confused.
Okay, let's just go sit in there
and watch.
Don't. You can't hold me.
You're not a baby
and I'm not dealing with it.
-You okay?
-MELISSA: She's fine.
All righty. Let's just listen
to these words. Okay, ladies?
Here we are in Hollywood,
and there's all these
wonderful opportunities
that we don't get
in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Right now, we're in
a professional atmosphere,
and they need to pull it together.
On the day of the video shoot,
we have the boys coming in.
We still have to see the set.
The director's going to be there.
He's going to be giving us new direction.
So I really need you to
know these lyrics and these dance moves
right in the first thing in the morning
of the video shoot, okay?
-GIRLS: Thank you.
-Perfect. Thank you so much.
I'll see you guys later.
(upbeat music playing)
-GIRL: I'm so excited.
-Here we are!
WOMAN: Hi, ladies.
CHLOE: We had to do a screen test
for the music video,
so we went to the salon and got our nails
and tested out our hair
and tested out our makeup.
It was totally awesome.
I think big.
Either have a high ponytail
with a lot of volume.
I hope I get chosen as the lead
because I'm more of an actress.
How are the nails doing?
-Great.
-That looks amazing.
That choreographer was awesome.
I mean, Mackenzie...
Yeah, they're going to need
to work on that all week.
(groans)
MELISSA: I'm not worried about Maddie
because she can handle all
the rehearsal time and all the practice.
Mackenzie, on the other hand--
she can't handle all the long hours.
So I definitely am
a little concerned about her.
And they're going to dance with boys.
I think that's cute
that they're going to partner.
But I'm confused because
the artist is, like, in her 20s.
Why does she want little kids
in her videos?
I don't know.
Chloe, you look so pretty.
BROOKE: I think it's super cool
that somebody gets to be
the lead in the music video,
and I think it would be really cool
to be the lead.
All the crazy talk from Abby
about learning a new routine in a week.
-And I thought that was crazy.
-Oh my god. It paid off.
-It paid off.
-Here's my crow.
Here's your helping.
Here's your helping. Here's my helping.
It's a little bitter.
CHLOE: I think we all had big hair
and big makeup,
and it was kind of funny to see us all...
big everything.
Oh, my gosh!
(laughing)
Can you dance in that hairdo?
You look amazing, Chloe.
You look like Barbie.
Oh, my gosh. You look so pretty.
Oh, I love it.
Ahh!
Look, how cute!
Ooh, it grew!
We're going to send this off to Seven
and see if he approves
the look and everything.
Ready? One, two, three.
Amazing.
See you ladies on set.
-Thank you!
-Okay, goodbye.
MELISSA: There's going to be a video
competition for the lead.
And if it's for dance, of course--
just based on dance,
we all pretty much know
that Maddie will get it.
But we're in Hollywood,
so I think it's going to be
a tough competition.
I will do anything to help
Maddie become the star.
-Hi.
-Hey.
-How are you, Melissa?
-Good.
-Good to see you.
-Nice to see you, too.
-Thanks so much for meeting me.
-Of course.
MELISSA: It's so awesome.
I really appreciate it.
What can I help you with?
You know, in wanting
to meet with me, today--
what can I really help you to achieve?
Um...
(suspenseful music playing)
MELISSA: I decided to call Seven,
the producer,
to see what he's looking for in the girls.
SEVEN: So I love Maddie.
She's a great kid.
She wants to get into show biz.
You know, it's her dream.
SEVEN: This career--it's really
about having that "it factor."
You think that she has
the "it factor" that you're saying?
She definitely has talent.
As far as this video is concerned,
it all comes down to all the things
that need to be there--
the dancing, the acting.
MELISSA: We're in LA, and I want Maddie
to have the best chance she can
to make it in this business.
So as her mom, I'm going to do
whatever I can do to help her.
(upbeat music playing)
WOMAN: Four, five, six, seven, eight.
Slide, two...
MADDIE: I think I have a good chance
of being the lead in the music video
because I'm the one
that always really practices
at the dance studio.
And I think it's really important for me
just to practice this music video
by myself
because it's a big deal.
Three, four, sass, sway, seven, eight.
Two, Three, four, and walk.
MADDIE: We don't really do hip hop
in our dance studio,
but I think I'm just going to keep trying,
so that might help me get the main part.
WOMAN: Up and in.
Walk, walk, three-step turn, blow.
Good.
CHRISTI: For the music video,
they're looking for someone
who can really act, somebody
who's really going to be, you know,
animated and believable on camera.
So I set up a meeting for Chloe
with one of the best acting coaches
in LA, Howard Fine.
HOWARD: If your goal
is really to be an actress,
you have to have this open heart.
So we're going to explore
a little bit emotional recall.
Can you remember
the saddest day of your life,
what that would be?
I think when my great-grandfather died
because I had a very good
relationship with him.
-HOWARD: Do you remember that day?
-CHLOE: Mm-hmm.
HOWARD: Tell me about it.
I know my mind
was kind of just blank there.
I'm having a hard time getting emotional,
and I'm having a hard time
expressing myself to him.
So as an actress,
this is what it's all about--
contacting real sources.
CHRISTI: He really made her
look inside herself,
and it became very introspective.
And I don't think
that's what Chloe envisioned
an acting class to be like.
HOWARD: Do you consider yourself
the number one dancer in the company?
There's another girl that's pretty good.
Her name is Maddie.
I think we're maybe
the better ones in the group.
Good. What stops you
from going for number one?
Nothing, I guess.
-What's that?
-Nothing.
HOWARD: Nothing stops you
from going for number one.
I have a feeling you stop yourself.
And it could be because
you're such a sensitive little girl
that you think about how
the others might be hurt.
-Does that make sense?
-Yes.
HOWARD: Okay, you have to understand that
your success doesn't hurt anybody else.
CHLOE: Mr. Fine said,
when I walk in there,
pretend like I already have
the lead character
and be really confident.
HOWARD: So, Chloe, I want you
not to be afraid,
to be strong.
You have to stop beating yourself up
and doubting yourself.
Chloe has really been struggling
with her confidence lately,
and personally, I think it has a lot to do
with Abby constantly
yelling at her and berating her.
I think if she could get comfortable
in her own skin,
she could totally pull this off.
Absolutely.
-All right
-Thank you.
-Bye-bye, thank you so much.
(upbeat music playing)
KELLY: When the girls are busy rehearsing,
it's an opportunity for us moms
to get out and see the town.
I feel bad for the girls
because us moms are always out
having fun while they're busy rehearsing.
CHRISTI: I'm just excited that our girls
are finally getting to do something
that Abby doesn't determine
who the star is.
I am, and I mean,
I'm not going to beat around the bush.
I think all of us are sitting here
hoping it's our kids
because they're so used to Abby
being the way she is.
WOMAN: I guarantee you, it'll be mine.
MELISSA: I actually went out to coffee
with Seven the other day.
-Oh, did you?
-MELISSA: Mm-hmm.
Oh!
KELLY: So I'm assuming
since you met with him for lunch--
-is Maddie the star?
-No.
No, no, no. Not at all.
That's not playing by the rules.
I would never think
to go with the producer
because I think of playing by the rules.
MELISSA: Playing by the rules?
Why is that not playing by the rules?
CHRISTI: Because it's going above
and beyond what the rest of us do.
I don't think that at all.
Of course Melissa met
with the producer Seven.
It's Maddie we're talking about.
She would do anything
to make sure Maddie got the starring role.
You have an advantage over us.
MELISSA: Christi says
I don't play by the rules.
What rules? This is Hollywood.
This isn't Abby Lee Dance Company.
I'll do whatever I want.
I don't answer to her.
KELLY: I don't know.
That's why Maddie gets ahead.
And I'm really naive, because I think
if you just go to an audition,
you get (indistinct)
based on your audition.
CHRISTI: Once again,
it's not an even playing field.
This is what we've been dealing
with all season.
And frankly, this is what
we've been dealing with for years.
So, you know, I went into this thinking
that my daughter had at least a chance.
And at this point,
of course she doesn't have a chance.
I didn't take the director out
for, you know, cocktails, so.
HOLLY: And those connections
involving relationships.
-I'm sorry.
-Melissa--
MELISSA: I'm done. I'm done.
HOLLY: Excuse me.
Don't talk to me that way.
-That's the first thing.
-MELISSA: I'm just saying, I'm done.
You don't understand. I'm done.
(upbeat music playing)
(indistinct chatter)
CHRISTI: I feel like
we're in an AA meeting.
Hi, my name is Christi,
and I'm a dance mom.
Here we are--the day the music video,
and it's so amazing to be in Hollywood.
All I can think is, how did we get here?
We are a bunch of moms
with kids from Pittsburgh.
Like, how did we end up here?
ABBY: Now, listen.
This is a professional job.
You're in LA. You're in Hollywood.
You're at a soundstage.
You are doing a real video shoot.
Today, the girls are going to get
their first taste
of being a professional dancer.
This is everything
that they have worked for.
They just need to apply
everything I've taught them,
remember everything they've learned,
and they'll do fine.
I think all of these boys
have worked before.
They've all done videos.
They're used to doing this.
I want you to be
just as professional as they are.
Okay?
The girls are dancing with boys.
And the girls are really excited
about that part.
It's really adorable.
ABBY: Thank you all
for working with my girls today,
and have fun, and make them look good.
You know, that's the guy's job, right?
I'm watching the boys partner my girls,
and I'm a little bit concerned.
First of all, they're not very big.
A guy should be about six inches taller
than his partner.
RAY: Phillip, we're going to put you
with Mackenzie.
Mackenzie is with this little boy.
He's darling, and I'm sure
he's very good at what he does.
But he has to drop her down
to a split and pick her back up.
I don't think he could pick up
his backpack.
One, two, three, and four,
back, five, six, seven, and eight.
MELISSA: We're watching the boys and
the girls starting to rehearse together,
and Mackenzie's partner
is the same size as her.
And he is a bit clueless.
RAY: Five, six, seven, eight.
One and two, three and four,
five, six, seven, eight.
Up one.
Let's try it again, okay,
just so we can get it all
in our heads and partner together.
-What's wrong?
You knew it perfectly.
I can't do it.
Why?
Okay, what--yes, you can.
-Mackenzie, you look good.
-RAY: Mackenzie, you look great, girl.
Do you want to try it one more time?
You're ready to do it, Mackenzie.
-What's wrong, babe?
-MACKENZIE: No, I'm not.
I'm not ready.
-MELISSA: Yes, you are.
-I'm not ready.
Mom, I'm not ready.
I'm not.
I'm not ready.
-I don't want to...
-MELISSA: Yes, you are.
RAY: All right, let's keep going.
-Ready. Here we go.
-No, I don't want--
RAY: She'll be back. Ready.
He's clueless, he can't do it.
ABBY: Mackenzie runs out of the group
over to mommy, crying.
Big temper tantrum
because she doesn't want to do it.
She's not ready. She doesn't want
to do it. She's not ready.
Listen to me, you cannot act
like this and cry
because you become difficult to work with.
People don't want to work
with kids who are difficult.
You are professional.
You are representing me.
If I didn't think you could do the dance,
you wouldn't have been at the audition.
If the choreographer
didn't think you could do it,
he would have come to me
and said, look, this kid's not ready.
Give me another kid.
Do you understand? I believe you.
She believes you,
and the choreographer believes in you.
You need to believe in yourself.
You know the dance, babe.
Right now,
we're in a professional atmosphere.
I can not have Mackenzie crying on set.
She is going to ruin
her reputation in this business
before it even starts.
Maddie, you're going to go with Philip.
Nia, you're going to go with Anthony.
Let's try that split.
Ready?
Five, six, seven, eight.
Drop one, up...
Philip, you got to hold her, bud.
MADDIE: I filled in for Mackenzie.
I wanted to help out.
I can dance with anybody.
Do you want to try it
with Anthony or Ethan?
-Yeah?
-Sure.
RAY: Let's try it with Anthony.
Try it from the top.
One, two, Three, and four.
five, six, seven, eight.
One and two, three and four,
five, six, seven, eight, up one.
That was better, Mackenzie.
See, you know it.
MACKENZIE: I just cry sometimes.
It's no big deal.
Isn't he cute?
He looks like William, kind of.
Did you see what he did? Hi!
-Good to see you, again.
-Good to see you, too.
How's everything.
HOLLY: The producer Seven arrives.
And of course,
he immediately sees Melissa.
CHRISTI: And gives her a big ol' hug.
Hi, how are you?
It's so lovely to see you again.
And I'm thinking, like,
I could be out in the back,
and he wouldn't even notice
anybody's missing
because I'm not his coffee-mate.
Hey, girls.
Guys, scoot in.
So LUX wants to meet you.
She wants to spend some time with you,
and is really excited to see
which one of you
is going to get to play little LUX.
Come inside with me, okay?
Come on. Let's go to the big room.
We're finally going to meet LUX.
RAY: Good luck, ladies.
I'm so excited!
-Hi!
-Hi.
Hey.
-How are you?
-Good.
-I'm LUX.
-GIRLS: Hi.
It's nice to meet you.
What are your names?
Nia.
-Chloe.
-Maddie.
-Mackenzie.
-Brooke
LUX: Nice to meet you.
-GIRLS: Nice to meet you.
-You girls are beautiful.
GIRLS: Thank you.
MADDIE: We met LUX,
and she is so beautiful,
and she has a great voice.
And she has a lot of star quality.
I hope I get chosen as LUX.
Are you from here?
No, we're from Pittsburgh.
All of you are from Pittsburgh?
-Yeah.
-Far away.
LUX: Wow. One of you is going to be
playing a miniature me.
I'm so excited to do this with you guys.
So are we.
-Yeah.
-So are we.
MAN: All right, time to go.
-Thank you.
-MAN: It's time to go.
(indistinct chatter)
BROOKE: After seeing LUX
for the first time,
I realized that if you want
to be a little LUX,
you have to look like LUX.
SEVEN: So girls, these are our directors.
Over here, we've got my man, Ben.
-GIRLS: Hi.
-SEVEN: And we have Tony.
Hello, ladies.
SEVEN: The idea here is we want
to see what you guys have,
so we can make a decision
on who's going to be the lead
for the music video.
CHRISTI: So the producer
and the director tell the girls,
first thing they have to do
is kind of a catwalk with some poses.
I think it's nerve-wracking
for the girls there
when you have 50 people
all standing there,
eyes on you with cameras.
And they're kind of like--
there's not just three judges.
It's 40 judges, plus all of us
and your competition sitting there
watching what you're doing.
Excited?
Let's do this.
Go, Maddie! Go!
ABBY: Maddie just walking across
that set like she owns it,
like she's in her bedroom
and nobody's watching.
She has it.
It's in the bag.
I work the catwalk,
and I think I did really good with it
and the poses.
SEVEN: Keep rolling, keep rolling.
Let's get Mackenzie back in position.
We'll do it once without the music.
And three, two, one, go!
Very cute.
Stage and walk out.
Fabulous, gorgeous.
We're all set, let's go, Chloe. Let's go.
Here we go.
MADDIE: I don't think
it's much about talent.
I think it's about the look.
And the thing I'm worried about
is that Chloe has the same hair as LUX.
CHRISTI: For the music video,
the person determining the lead
is the director and the producer
of the music video.
It's not Abby.
So for once,
there is an even playing field,
and Chloe has a chance.
And action Brooke.
Nice, Brooke.
Nia.
(gasp)
Very good. Very original.
-I thought you got hurt.
-Yeah.
-I thought she lost it.
-It's called the death drop.
SEVEN: I thought
that was a trap door I just--
I know.
I thought somebody took you away.
NIA: I knew I wasn't going to get the lead
because we had to be
like her as a little kid.
And I'm African American.
I have brown hair.
I think I made a really good impression.
(chuckles)
Thank you so much.
We had a fun time watching you
and a great time working with you.
ABBY: If they're looking
for the strongest dancer short,
it's going to be Maddie.
If they're looking
for the strongest dancer tall,
it's going to be Chloe.
I don't know what's required of the lead.
I definitely think this one
is just way too young.
I think Brooke is just too old.
Here's what I feel.
I feel like our couple
is Maddie and Chloe.
That's what you're thinking?
CHLOE: I really, really, really want to be
the younger version of LUX.
It would be a dream come true for me.
Girls, you did an amazing job.
And this is unlike just going out
for a dance competition.
There are many different levels to this.
There's not only your dance ability,
but your acting ability.
And then it comes down
to a certain essence or quality.
MELISSA: Of course, every girl
wants to lead in this,
but we all pretty much know
that Maddie will get it.
And naturally,
kids are going to be jealous.
It's just a natural thing.
SEVEN: For this particular role,
we need to find someone
that comes as close to looking like LUX
and feeling like LUX as possible.
MADDIE: Chloe is nervous a lot,
she tells me.
She doesn't have self-confidence.
I have a lot of confidence.
And I think I have a good chance
of being the lead.
For those reasons,
and based on your talent
and your combined efforts.
At the end of the day,
we have to make a decision
about what's going to be best
for the video.
For this particular role,
we need to find someone that comes
as close to looking like LUX
and feeling like LUX.
At the end of the day,
we have to make a decision
about what's going to be best
for the video.
CHLOE: I think my biggest competition
for the music video
is probably going to be Maddie
because she's good,
and she also has the look.
With everything that I mentioned before,
I think that I have to...
(suspenseful music playing)
We have to go with Chloe.
Because Chloe, you've got that thing
that's just working
for this video right now.
CHLOE: Seven just so that I am LUX
when she's little,
and I'm so excited.
I finally did it.
I made it big in Hollywood.
CHISTI: When Seven announced
that Chloe had the lead in the video...
I was so happy for my daughter.
She's worked so hard,
and she's really overcome a lot.
And I wanted her to get
an opportunity to feel special.
And this was a pretty good one.
MELISSA: Okay, the boys are here, girls.
I'm so happy for you.
MELISSA: So when Seven announces
that Chloe got the lead,
Christi, of course, was so happy.
And we were happy, too,
because I want all the girls
to get a chance.
I know this wasn't
on their dance ability at all
because my daughter
would have made it to the top.
MADDIE: I don't ever cry or anything
like some other people do
if they don't get the lead part.
I am happy for the other girls,
and I'm happy for me, too.
Guys (indistinct) line in.
Watch out, Maddie.
Let's just rehearse this real quick.
Let's just slowly move the camera back.
So, Chloe turns.
Camera moves.
Oh, don't beat the camera.
The camera is moving on
a very heavy rig, okay?
This can be very dangerous.
I want you guys to have a good time
and dance great,
but just watch out for this, okay?
If it hits your head, it will hurt.
Action. Go, Chloe!
Keep going, keep going. Big energy!
More fans! Fans!
Fans on the girls!
Put the fans on the girls!
-Cut! Let's do this.
-MAN: Cut camera.
Guys, can we put the foggers
directly behind the ritter fan?
Roll playback.
Smoke it up!
Don't move (bleep).
We're running out of time, here.
-They're burning my days.
-MAN: Standby.
Dance!
MACKENZIE: The directors
are kind of like Abby.
They yell a lot.
Feathers, feathers!
NIA: The music video is a lot of work.
You have the fans.
You have the smoke.
You have the feathers, the lights,
and straining in your eyes.
And then sometimes
you don't know where you're going.
(upbeat music playing)
MELISSA: Ironically, you know,
all the moms want their daughter
to be the lead.
However, this really worked
to Maddie's advantage
not having the lead.
Abby said it to me, too.
Wow, aren't you glad
Maddie didn't get the lead
because she's dancing the entire time.
So some agent is going to see her dance,
and they're going to snatch her up.
All right, cut! Cut!
(applause)
CHRISTI: You look so gorgeous!
You're like my little rock and roll star.
Oh, my God. Is this made of hair?
CHLOE: I don't know.
It's so much fun, I hope it never ends.
Oh!
Well, you look amazing.
Chloe's had a hard season.
She has been compared a lot to Maddie,
and she's never really amounted
too much in Abby's eyes.
And believe it or not,
as hard as Abby is on our kids,
they still want her approval.
And so, for me, this wasn't about Abby,
and it wasn't about Christi.
It was about Chloe and her
getting back some of that sparkle
that I think she's lost.
We have the same size hands.
(laughter)
All right. Let's go.
Get out there. Come on.
They chose Chloe.
After it was all said and done,
I think they made the right choice.
I was very happy for Chloe.
Actually, I was thrilled for her
because this is a whole new thing.
This is a very, very cool opportunity
for this young lady.
SEVEN: Cut.
ABBY: No matter which way you sliced it,
no matter who has talent and who doesn't,
LUX and Chloe were the perfect match.
♪ It's like summer ♪
♪ It's a brand new day ♪
ALL: ♪ Feel the sunshine ♪
♪ Shining on your face ♪
CHLOE: I think in the past
I've lacked confidence,
but I think that from the music video
until forever,
I'll have more confidence than I did.
-Thank you!
-Thank you so much.
You did an amazing job.
That's a wrap.
I thought Chloe was amazing.
I'm proud of her.
I'm proud of all the girls.
And now, we can all go home.
(dramatic music playing)
ABBY: Ready? Come on, girls. Let's go.
(indistinct chatter)
CHRISTI: We're back in Pittsburgh,
and it feels amazing.
It's great to be home.
But of course, Abby has a meeting for us,
and we're all required to attend.
Like, what now? A new pyramid?
What's she going to pull up
on that screen?
First off, I want to tell all of you
congratulations.
You are national champions.
(applause)
ABBY: Things have really calmed down,
but I need to make sure
the girls are focusing on the future
and not losing sight of what's to come.
Girls, you know I didn't call you all here
just to tell you how proud I was.
I would never waste that time.
Yes?
I was able to snag a copy
of the music video.
(screaming)
Are you ready?
-GIRLS: Yes!
-ABBY: Here we go.
("It's Like Summer" by LUX playing)
♪ There's a time in our lives ♪
♪ When the rain just goes away ♪
♪ And the seeds that we've sown ♪
♪ Take root for better days ♪
♪ So feel it grow and overflow ♪
♪ And watch it all explode ♪
♪ So let it rise and let it shine ♪
♪ 'Cause good times about to blow ♪
♪ It's like summer ♪
♪ It's a brand new day ♪
♪ Feel the sunshine ♪
♪ Shining on your face ♪
♪ It's like summer, like a love grenade ♪
♪ Blowing sky high ♪
♪ Burning up the place ♪
♪ It's like, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ It's like summer ♪
♪ Feel the sun ♪
♪ Let it shine ♪
♪ t your heart begin to bloom ♪
♪ See the world through new eyes ♪
♪ Shed your skin, it's time to move ♪
♪ So feel it grow and overflow ♪
♪ And watch it all explode ♪
♪ So let it rise, and let it shine ♪
♪ 'Cause good times about to blow ♪
♪ It's like summer ♪
♪ It's a brand new day ♪
♪ Feel the sunshine shining on your face ♪
♪ It's like summer, like a love grenade ♪
♪ Blowing sky high ♪
♪ Burning up the place ♪
♪ It's like oh, oh.
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ It's like summer ♪
(cheering)
ABBY: See?
Was it awesome? Yes?
I just want you all to know
that you are the next generation
of the Abby Lee Dance Company
that's going to make it.
You are bright, shining stars.
You're my stars.
Yes?
It's been a long dance season.
We can all rest, but not for long.
Before you know it, it's going to be
auditions for next season,
tougher choreography,
new competitions to attend.
Next dance season,
Abby's taking the gloves off.
And this time,
every girl is going to come home
with a crown on their head.
One, two, three.
ALL: We are Abby Lee!
(cheering)
Go get your dance clothes on.
Moms, you're dismissed.
Thank you for coming in.
Hustle up. Let's go.